you're not what you see Peter why would
someone I don't want you to be alive
anymore what are you talking about
code a two to seven confirmed subjects
close
[Applause]
I know you like Ava but she's a
liability you know she's best to breathe
I recruited her a train der Haven I'm
good Thomas you keep your head down
kiddo management will be watching on
this you did something bad I wouldn't
have said we have you have
who was responsible
company had nothing to do with it you
don't believe that Duke you keep
breaking protocol asked you to marry me
and then you just disappear for eight
years
she's always been Jukes favored but
she's a loose cannon and dangers of the
organization
I wonder killed
tell them to Thor finger I don't care
which
[Music]
I warned you I'm not going to be able to
protect you a second time
you need to rescind the kill order you
know I can't do that this is business
lovely morning for it Ava
put security around my family on high
alert
[Music]
you